LOCAL MODIFICATION HRC108DK
 
Implement SYSID (System identification)
 
Affected Modules :
 
DMKHRC MACLIB   (GRTBLOK MACRO and SYSLOCS MACRO updated, SYSID MACRO added)
DMKCPI ASSEMBLE
DMKCQY ASSEMBLE
DMKGRT ASSEMBLE
DMKSEP ASSEMBLE
DMKSYM ASSEMBLE
DMKSYS ASSEMBLE
 
Description :
The SYSID macro has been added making it's use possible to define one or more
system identification names in DMKSYS.
 
DMKCPI has been modified to parse the list of system identification names
defined in DMKSYS and select one which matches the CPU being ipled.  When the
system identification name has been selected, it is placed at DMKSYSID and a
call is made to DMKGRTID.
 
DMKCQY has been modified to include the system identification name from
DMKSYSID in the output of QUERY USERID.
 
DMKGRT has been modified to include a new subroutine DMKGRTID which is called
from DMKCPI after the applicable system identification name has been determied.
DMKGRTID copies the system identification name from DMKSYSID into the 3270
status areas which are defined in GRTBLOKs DMKGRTB, DMKGRWTB, DMKGRUTB and
DMKGRVTB which each contain data applicable to different models of 3270
terminals. This means that the system identification name is displayed on the
bottom right of 3270 displays, except in the following cases - when a NOT
ACCEPTED status message is being displayed and when the DMKBOX logo is being
displayed on a 3278 model 2A.  Note that at shutdown time, the GRTBLOKs are
reloaded from the sysres device but DMKCPI and therefore DMKGRTID is not called
and this results in the system identification name being blanked on the console
terminal at the time the shutdown messages are displayed.
 
DMKSEP has been modified to include the system identification name on the
print seperator pages.  It has not been included on punch seperators as there
is not enough room.
 
DMKSYM has been modified to include a symbol for DMKSYSID so that it can be
found easily in system dumps and by the LOCATE command if HRC104DK is applied.
 
The GRTBLOK macro has been updated to label the locations in the various 3270
status messages where the system identification should be inserted.
 
The SYSLOCS macro has been update to warn if SYSID has not been coded in DMKSYS
and to supply a default (blank) system identification name to avoid unresolved
external references if this is the case. For this reason, DMKSYS ASSEMBLE must
be reassembled when this update is installed, even if a SYSID macro is not to
be used immediately.
